fix: allow insecure clusters (#800)
codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e: README.adoc

NOTE: you can override the default namespace names where the end-to-end tests are going to be executed - eg.: `make test-e2e HOST_NS=my-host MEMBER_NS=my-member` file.

> NOTE: you can disable HTTPS in tests setting the `DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY` variable to `true` - eg.: `make test-e2e DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY=true`. This flag helps when you test in clusters using Self-Signed Certificates.

Reviewer: It's not disabling HTTPS, I would suggest something like this:
```suggestion
NOTE: you can disable SSL/TLS certificate verification in tests setting the `DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY` variable to `true` - eg.: `make test-e2e DISABLE_KUBE_CLIENT_TLS_VERIFY=true`. This flag helps when you test in clusters using Self-Signed Certificates.
```

Author: you're right! good catch, let me fix that
